lectures.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Lectures
---

# Course Lectures and Notes

Date  | Topic                      | Video | Notes 
------|----------------------------|-----------|----------
1/8  | Geometric physics | [Lecture 1](https://www.dropbox.com/s/rsvdjo7j6lfp7b3/ast900\_lecture1\_08012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 1](notes/Lecture1.pdf)
1/10 | Geometric physics | [Lecture 2](https://www.dropbox.com/s/578qini5azmichy/ast900\_lecture2\_10012019.mov?dl=0) | [Notes 2](notes/Lecture2.pdf)
1/15 | Special relativity | [Lecture 3](https://www.dropbox.com/s/b6r4zbwo1fml4o6/ast900\_lecture3\_15012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 3](notes/Lecture3.pdf)
1/17 | Special relativity | [Lecture 4](https://www.dropbox.com/s/l8zsd1i0t0j9y6l/ast900\_lecture4\_17012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 4](notes/Lecture4.pdf)
1/22 | Special to General | [Lecture 5](https://www.dropbox.com/s/f18zry4eobgba81/ast900\_lecture5\_22012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 5](notes/Lecture5.pdf)
1/24 | Special to General | | [Notes 6](notes/Lecture6.pdf)
1/29 | Fundamentals of GR | | [Notes 7](notes/lecture7.pdf)
1/31 | Fundamentals of GR | | [Notes 8](notes/Lecture8.pdf)
2/5 | TOV equation, OS collapse |
2/7 | No class 
2/12 | 3+1 decomposition | 
2/14 | 3+1 decomposition | 
2/19 | Initial data | 
2/21 | Initial data | 
2/26 | No class 
2/28 | Lapse & Shift |
3/5 | Matter sources |
3/7 | Matter sources | 
3/12 | Matter sources |
3/14 | Matter sources | 
3/19 | BH horizons | 
3/21 | BH horizons |
3/26 | Spherical spacetimes | 
3/28 | Spherical spacetimes | 
4/2 | Gravitational waves | 
4/4 | Gravitational waves | 
4/9 | Evolution equations | 
4/11 | Evolution equations | 
4/16 | Binary BH initial data | 
4/18 | Binary BH evolution |
4/23 | Binary NS initial data | 
4/25 | Binary NS evolution |

Commit message:

update schedule and add another lecture

lectures.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Lectures
---

# Course Lectures and Notes

Below are the lecture videos and notes for the course.

Date  | Topic                      | Video | Notes 
------|----------------------------|-----------|----------
1/8  | Geometric physics | [Lecture 1](https://www.dropbox.com/s/rsvdjo7j6lfp7b3/ast900\_lecture1\_08012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 1](notes/Lecture1.pdf)
1/10 | Geometric physics | [Lecture 2](https://www.dropbox.com/s/578qini5azmichy/ast900\_lecture2\_10012019.mov?dl=0) | [Notes 2](notes/Lecture2.pdf)
1/15 | Special relativity | [Lecture 3](https://www.dropbox.com/s/b6r4zbwo1fml4o6/ast900\_lecture3\_15012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 3](notes/Lecture3.pdf)
1/17 | Special relativity | [Lecture 4](https://www.dropbox.com/s/l8zsd1i0t0j9y6l/ast900\_lecture4\_17012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 4](notes/Lecture4.pdf)
1/22 | Special to General | [Lecture 5](https://www.dropbox.com/s/f18zry4eobgba81/ast900\_lecture5\_22012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 5](notes/Lecture5.pdf)
1/24 | Special to General | [Lecture 6](https://www.dropbox.com/s/wljzpul20o03mbb/ast900\_lecture6\_24012019.mp4?dl=0) | [Notes 6](notes/Lecture6.pdf)
1/29 | Fundamentals of GR | | [Notes 7](notes/lecture7.pdf)
1/31 | _Cancelled due to Coldmaggedon_ 
2/5 | Fundamentals of GR | | [Notes 8](notes/Lecture8.pdf)
2/7 | _No class_ 
2/12 | TOV equation, OS collapse |
